dev/linearhooks: add POC (#62367)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: dev/linearhooks/README.md

# Linear Webhooks

## Development

> Make of a copy of the dotenv file. You can retrieve Linear API key and webhook signing secrets from [Linear settings](https://linear.app/sourcegraph/settings/api). If you don't have access, reach out to #wg-linear-trial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First make a copy of the dotenv file and set the API key and webhook signing secrets in `.env` based on the [Linear API settings](https://linear.app/sourcegraph/settings/api). If you don't have access, reach out to #wg-linear-trial.
```
